
=head1 NAME

dnw - Samsung USB Bulk Transfer Utility

=head1 SYNOPSIS

B<dnw> [I<OPTION>]... I<FILE>

=head1 DESCRIPTION

B<dnw> is a USB bulk transfer utility for Samsung devices.

The purpose of this program is to transfer firmware files to a Samsung
electronic device when this one is placed in an appropriate recovery or
boot mode.

=head1 OPTIONS

B<dnw> accepts the following command line options:

=over 4

=item B<-a> I<ADDRESS>, B<-A> I<ADDRESS>, B<--address=>I<ADDRESS>

Specify the download ADDRESS (default is c0008000). Note that this
address may be ignored by the target device.

=item B<-b> I<SIZE>, B<-B> I<SIZE>, B<--block-size=>I<SIZE>

Specify the USB transfer block SIZE (default is 512).

=item B<-c> I<VALUE>, B<-C> I<VALUE>, B<--config=>I<VALUE>

Specify the USB configuration VALUE (default is 1).

=item B<-d> I<VENDOR:PRODUCT>, B<-D> I<VENDOR:PRODUCT>, B<--device=>I<VENDOR:PRODUCT>

Specify the USB VENDOR:PRODUCT ID (default is "04E8:1234").

=item B<-e> I<ADDRESS>, B<-E> I<ADDRESS>, B<--endpoint=>I<ADDRESS>

Specify the USB transfer bulk OUT endpoint ADDRESS (default is 2).

=item B<-h>, B<-H>, B<--help>

Show summary of options.

=item B<-i> I<NUMBER>, B<-I> I<NUMBER>, B<--interface=>I<NUMBER>

Specify the USB interface NUMBER (default is 0).

=item B<-q>, B<-Q>, B<--quiet>

Turn off display messages.

=item B<-t> I<DURATION>, B<-T> I<DURATION>, B<--timeout=>I<DURATION>

Specify the USB transfer timeout DURATION in ms (default is 3000).

=item B<-v>, B<-V>, B<--version>

Show version of program.

=back

More information on the values to specify for the above parameters can
be found by using the L<lsusb(8)> utility on the given device.

=head1 SEE ALSO

B<lsusb>(8).

=head1 AUTHORS

Michel Stempin L<mailto://michel.stempin@wanadoo.fr>.

=head1 REPORTING BUGS

If you feel you have found a bug in B<dnw>, please submit a bug
report at L<mailto://michel.stempin@wanadoo.fr>.

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (C) 2011 Michel Stempin L<mailto://michel.stempin@wanadoo.fr>.

This program comes with NO WARRANTY, to the extent permitted by
law. You may redistribute copies of this program under the terms of
the GNU General Public License. For more information about these
matters, see the file named COPYING.

=head1 DISCLAIMER

B<dnw> is provided ``AS IS'' and any express or implied warranties,
including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of
merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose are disclaimed.
See the COPYING file distributed with B<dnw> for complete details.
